The food here is good. Their motto is "Latin comfort food" but they do not have tacos so that is questionable. They mainly have Peruvian food with 3 types of ceviche. They have tapas (small dishes), salads, hot sandwiches, and main dishes. I think it is overpriced but idk. Is $14 for a sandwich expensive in SF? The staff is nice and the music is for sure Latin! It a good place for a quick lunch break.
Awesome place! Friendly service and has a modern vibe. If you've read my reviews before, you'll notice that I like to try different restaurants depending on where I'm working for the day. I found my self right next to this restaurant while working in the city one rainy day. The reviews were good, so I stopped by for lunch. I loved how it was a modern twist to Latin food. I was in the mood for something easy to eat, so I opted for the Carne Sandwich, which includes steak with organic lettuce, tomato, garlic aioli, zesty chimichurri sauce, and a side of yucca fries. YUM! I was pleasantly surprised. The steak was juicy, and overall was an amazing meal. I washed it down with the Horchata, and I ended my meal with the most MOIST and DELICIOUS tres leches. One negative is that the frosting was a bit too sweet for my liking, but I'm sure there will be many people that will argue with me. Overall, will definitely be back for more if I find myself in that part of the city again. :)
Where to begin... have been coming to this lovely Latin American restaurant for a couple of years and have got to say it's great! Usually, I order the yucca frita, roasted sweet plantains and side ensalada mixta and it's ALWAYS great. Other menu items I've ordered and love are: the albondigas, lomo saltado and quinoa salad. Please go visit them soon, because of various businesses moving from the area, they risk having to close thheir lIttle restaurant.
We've been going to Artesano for a long time now and really enjoy this restaurant in Laurel Village shopping area of San Francisco. This place is definitely a neighborhood secret. Try the specials, sangria & mango drink & you'll feel like you're on vacation! Every time we dine here, they always provide friendly & great service, DELICIOUS flavorful food with generous portions for a good value. Extra bonus = San Francisco Diners - You also get FREE PARKING! Yes, You can dine here (Casual) and not worry about your car and enjoy your meal without paying for parking since there's a free parking lot (where you can also run your errands if necessary). Tip - Dinner = Plenty of parking spaces (because shops close early). Catering service is AMAZING too! Always on time and more than enough food for your event (even when last minute). Easy to work with the Artesano Team. LOVE Artesano!!!
Our company frequently has Artesano deliver food for our events for about 75-100 people. They have consistently delivered hot, delicious food - on time and usually gives us extra quantity than what we ordered.  They are also very reliable and accommodating even for our last minute requests.  You can't go wrong with good/tasty food, excellent/prompt service & reasonable price.
I live in Canada and come to San Francisco twice a year to visit my parents. Last time i came i visited Rigolo cafe in Laurel village and greatly appreciated my meal. After hearing that Artesano and Rigolo are owned by the same people, I decided to try Artesano at the end of that same block. I tried the Lomo Saltado and i'm in love with it ! If your a steak lover then this is a must !! Definitely will come back next time i'm around.
I've been walking by this place for years and didn't notice it until today when I was craving empanadas and perusing DoorDash. Even with a delivery to the Sunset the food was incredible! The beef in the empanadas was juicy and well-seasoned, the fries were fresh, and they sent a myriad of dipping sauces. I'm very excited to come in and dine in person. Highly recommend! I think this is going to become my go-to lazy day takeout place.
It should be noted that the owner sent me a message the same day my review was posted. This post is delayed due to extensive traveling on my end, not from his lack of concern. While it was disappointing to encounter, especially when you're hungry and looking forward to a nice dinner, we realize things can happen and truly appreciated his direct attempt at handling the situation. We are not SF locals, but if our travels bring us back to the area, we would not hesitate to give Artesano another chance. I've updated my rating from a 1 to a 4, based on sheer respect for taking responsibility. This is the precise example we love to see result from a scenario like this, but it seems so few businesses take ownership of mishaps, let alone promptly or authentically like he did.Really impressed! I got the sole and it was delicious. The vegetables had incredible flavor. The service was friendly and fast.
Really impressed! I got the sole and it was delicious. The vegetables had incredible flavor. The service was friendly and fast.
Impressive menu with interesting dishes from all over South America.... Peru, Brazil, Argentina, Venezuela. This is definitely not a tacoria. We appreciated the excellent variety, and the peasant and helpful staff.
We came here because it was close to my friend's work. The food was good and the staff was nice. Initially I was confused at their system of ordering and paying first before being served, because I thought this was a sit down restaurant? Shrugged and just took a pic of the menu for my friends so we can all order and eat at the same time.Before everyone arrived, one of my friends magically appeared with a glass of wine in his hands. I was like, "Dude, you're drinking on a work day?" He responded with "Hey, it's free wine! You get a glass after you check in!" My friend's response prompted me to also check in...nope, no pop up for free wine appeared on my screen. "Is that really for free?" I questioned him. "Yes! I got it for free after checking in!" He insisted. I shrugged and walked over to the front to get my free wine too...Apparently one free glass of wine for one transaction over $15. Since our table just did one transaction, we only got that one glass of wine! LOL If you're planning on eating here and spending some $$, order individually so you get some free booze.   We got three orders of the lomo saltado, one paella and one albondigas...with a complementary glass of wine. Everyone loved the Lomos and I enjoyed my meatballs aka albondigas. My other friend ate all of her paella as well, so hopefully she enjoyed that too! I'll be back.
Crisp, clean, hip little Latin comfort food place with beautifully prepared, absolutely delicious dishes.  The black bean soup is simple, soulful and perfect.  I dream of the Saltado de Cameron (order it!).  Order the house-made Sangria and you'll be very happy.
Wonderful first time culinary experience! Everything we had from the empanadas to the paella was fresh tasting. The atmosphere was casual and comfortable. Would visit again.
Doug and his team did an amazing job at catering a party I attended this week.  The food was fabulous as was Doug and his team.  The chicken was outstanding. The beans, rice and plantains made your mouth water!  I can't recommend this highly enough as an option for catering your next event!
I stumbled upon Artesano while in the neighborhood. While looking at the menu posted outside, I was approached by a nice man who started talking to me about the restaurant. I mentioned I was looking for catering. He invited me inside to try some food.  Since I was hungry I decided to go in and sit-down. The person who approached me was one of the co-owners. They complimented my order with some tasty samples. I was very impressed with how good the food (and service) was. I now use them regularly for catering for my office meetings. They are very friendly and satisfied my catering requirements. The sweet plantains are my favorite. Everyone in the meeting kept asking where the food came from. Several of my co-workers have gone they for dinner and was quite please. Definitely one of my favorite places.---M
I absolutely love this restaurant. Their staff is amazing and always so friendly. I've met the owners, Najib and Doug, who are so down to earth and cultured. They also own Rigolo Cafe just several doors down. It's nice to know such hard-working and good people who are passionate about their craft. Great food, great staff, and great service is what you'll find here.
Omg everyone has to try the paella. It's the best I had from a restaurant. The tres leche cake is heavenly. The most perfect is that they cater as well best for office parties. Your staff would love you.
Well deserved 5 stars. The quality of food and service was beyond what I have experienced. The restaurant was recommended to me and it passed expectations. Definitely coming back again.
I had the Churrasco Steak and my plate came back sizzling. Medium rare with a great salad on the side. I recommend the cheese empanadas was a nice way to start the meal
3.5 stars There were many tables available at around 5 PM on a Saturday night. We sat at a booth near the entrance. The hostess was really nice. I love Peruvian food, so I was excited to try this place. We ordered the beef empanadas, chicken skewers, lomo saltado, and had plantain chips to go. The beef empanadas and chicken skewers came out first. They were good, but not worth getting again. They each cost $9 and I don't think it was enough food for $9. I did like the plantains that came with the chicken skewers. The chicken skewers were kind of dry and slightly burnt. The empanadas were okay, but not much to it. The lomo saltado was delicious! It was a pretty good portion size for $18, when other places charge it for more. I would definitely get this again! The plantain chips were good and the sauces they give with them were interesting. The mango salsa was interesting. It seems like they make the sauces themselves. Anyways, I would come back for their entrees and skip the appetizers.
Came in late on a Tuesday night. The service was fast I got my appetizers not too long after I ordered. Great and authentic Latin food love the variety of the menu a lil bit of everything. Definitely coming back again!
Fresh, delicious, and authentic Latin American food. The owner and staff provide excellent and friendly service along with the great food at a very reasonable price.
Delicious and quiet spot on CA street. Huge parking lot & free behind the buildings that was pretty empty. Huge, delicious chopped salad-the plantain chips are soooo good! Veggie empanadas are good. The fried plantains-yum!! For sure will be back, as there is so much more to try on the menu!
Thank you!!
Polite, courteous and clean. Of course the food is tasty. I came here with a hangover in the middle of the day. Or maybe my hangover is a menstrual migraine. Anyway Najib gave me a glass of milk. This is above and beyond for me. Treating people as humans and not just bags of money.
Definitely a hidden gem! I work in the area and this is a go to place for a warm delicious meal. So many different flavors and dishes to choose from. I personally LOVE the house made lentil soup with a side of empanadas! Perfect for holiday!
I had the ceviche and the empanadas they were both very delicious. The cashier ( I wish I could remember his name) was so nice and gave me a free horchata when I forgot to place it with my order. Being Latina I tend to be tougher on Latino cuisine but this restaurant was definitely a place I will come back to. Plus the music they play was great!
I have been eyeing Artesano for some time and finally got the chance to make it in here! The staff makes their consumers feel very comfortable and has the rare SF ability of engaging with you the entire time you dine with them. Really nice outside patio for warm days and great ambience inside. Pierre originally greeted me and made me feel at ease as a new comer unaware of what to order. It's always nice as a new consumer to not feel rushed. Pierre was great! A great front of the house face for the restaurant. Najib was especially nice in welcoming me into his business and suggested the mixt ceviche. It did NOT disappoint.  I even ordered the empanadas and got a second round they were that delicious! I am definitely coming back and brining friends in!!
I tried the pulled chicken sandwich with fries. The Sandwich was great. It's was a bit expensive bt worth the price.
Amazing neighborhood gem! The Pescado dish is fantastic - and the manager and staff are very nice and accommodating. Take my kids there regularly and feel right at home. Healthy, fast, and reasonably priced!
Friendly customer service, quick, and outstanding food really like the atmosphere I highly recommend them
Lunch time! It's not my 1st time here & not my last. My steak plate was outstanding. My friends liked their plates. I highly recommend this place.
Spectacular eats, service & vibe.  I will absolutely return & recommend to anyone in for fresh healthy Latin cuisine. Solid lunch spot!
I was looking for Latin comfort food and that's exactly what I received. This place is so good and they give you good sized portions! Will definitely go back
I had lunch yesterday. I immediately had good vibes, Staff very friendly. I ordered fish sandwich that I really enjoyed it. After I paid my bill, I want some beans and they add it without charge anything. Good place to have a quick lunch. I definitely recommend. Ciao.
What's always a great experience with Artesano was especially nice for us tonight... we discovered the AWESOME food here a while back when I met a friend for lunch, who works as a doctor in the neighborhood. Apart from visiting in person, we also now love ordering delivery from Artesano. Tonight we did just that, and the independent delivery service messed up our order. When I called the restaurant to figure out what happened, I spoke with Najib, the manager. He was so helpful, and took care of everything for us. He even texted me to make sure we received our food. Well, we did, and it was delicious. My children (who are hard to please) especially love the Cubano sandwich. I love the salads and empanadas. Not only is Artesano a great place to eat; it's run by good people, as demonstrated by Najib. That makes it even better!
I rarely come to this part of town but was across the street getting an MRI and stopped here on my way home. It was so foggy and cold out that everything on the menu looked great. I ordered the albondigas (meatballs that came with plantains and mashed potatoes) and loved them. They tasted wonderful. The meatballs themselves were slightly dry but still very good. Staff was all very nice and food came out super quickly. I'd love to come back and try more things on the menu.
Just discovered this wonderful spot on yelp and really glad we were not put off by some of the reviews. Went with the whole family and had an affordable pitcher of sangria and the following dishes: -ceviche mixto -beef empanadas -lomo saltado -shrimp skewers And a bonus - devious homemade Pão de Queijo (Brazilian cheese bread)! All were delicious and the staff were very friendly and attentive.
This place has a ton of heart. Go here at least once a week for the black bean soup and find it to be consistently delicious every time. The staff really care - feels like a mom and pop spot. Definite highlight in laurel heights. Recommend highly.
Great ceviche!! Great service! If you are looking for fresh ingredients and awesome flavor, hit this place up!!
OMG!! This place is amazing!! Ordered the shrimp ceviche & chicken skewers!! Everything was fresh and flavorful!! They make their office hot sweet sauce that is to die for. Purchased a bottle for home!! Must try!
Great lunch and dinner spot in my neighborhood. The food was delicious but most importantly the service was impeccable. I came in on a Wednesday when they have their kids eat free promotion. Having two wild boys they were quick to help me pick out the best option to get me on my way. I retreated back to my car with the boys so as to not cause a ruckus only to be told that they'd be more than happy to bring it out to me when it was done. Definitely check it out if you're in the area!
got the "unpulled pork" and it was delicious!!!! a huge piece too, and the service is great!!
Great fish sandwich!  And pro tip- pay the extra for plantains instead of the usual side. They were awesome!
thanks to yelp for helping us find this place OMG the warm plantains were SO amazing - they were part of the Albondigas (meatball) dish which was also very good.and the Unpulled Pork was also SO YUM - came with with a generous side salad and dark rice. even better as leftover the next day! it's so cool that almost ALL the menu is Gluten Free!!! wish we had room to try the tres leches but we were so full! thank you for being a wonderful convenient place for GF amazing food. ps Parking was so easy in the back of laurel village! and an easy short drive to the Vogue Theatre! service was really fast so we were in and out quickly on a friday night just in time for our movie!
Tried the steak sandwich for my first time here. I'm not disappointed at all! Great meal especially with the salad instead of fries  can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu
I love their soups, especially the chipotle chicken; super flavorful and comes with a side of plantain chips.   I can also make a meal just out of their shrimp ceviche or their grilled chicken skewers.  I only wish their prices would be a little lower.
Nice staff and great food! I recommend the Artesano Bowl but everything I've had there has been solid!
I was in search of a Cuban sandwich similar to the one from the movie "Chef" with Jon Favreau, so that's what I ordered. Service was great. Love the location but the sandwich was missing a little "something" whether its seasoning or sauce I couldn't quite put my finger on it. Generally reserve 5 stars for if I feel the need to tell people about the place and if I know I'll definitely be back. Can't say that all the food did that for me. I did like the Yucca fries and, cheese popover (arepas), and the mango drink.
I appreciate the call I just had from the owner trying to help me, that's why I'm updating my review. The first time I ordered was 09/22 through Yelp, I never got my food and until today neither my money back. I understand it's not their fault but unfortunately this is the situation right now, I'm still waiting for a response from Yelp/Grubhub to get my money back. I decided to try and order again through Grubhub today because it's the only place that can deliver me some sweet plantains. This time food did arrive. It was good. This is the review for that first order. I really don't want anyone calling me asking me to delete my review because the fact is that I never got this order and almost a month later I still don't see my $38 back on my account and people should know that.
I liked this place. Got a chopped salad with dressing on the side. Put it directly into the fridge shortly after picking it up. Opened it up the next day and it smelled rancid. We're guessing it's the beans. Called Artesano to ask if there is something we're missing, got a kinda bs response with an attitude saying we probably didn't store it right. Considering our milk, eggs, meats, produce, and frozen items are all okay and it was less than 24 hours since we got the salad I'm guessing it's not that. Also the avocados on the salad looked and smelled perfect.This does make me question the quality of their product and their storage of food. A salad probably should not smell rancid within 24 hours while refrigerated.
Food was amazing! Great service, very friendly staff, and very efficient. Would definitely recommend this to a friend 10/10
Place is good, the steak with the cream butter parmesan mashed potato is good paired with the plantains... yum!! My daughter had the Cubano and the mango/orange drink it was pretty good.
The shrimp ceviche was delicious. It has a nice spicy kick and the presentation was lovely. The flavor makes it one of the best ceviches I've had. The yucca fries were perfectly made with a crispy crunch and was not too oily. It also came with 2 side sauces. The empanadas were crunchy and soo good with the yellow side sauce. I would definitely come back for the good food and excellent service!
Casual place with good-sized portions and extremely friendly staff. I had the Lomo Saltado and it was great! The tres leches cake was also delicious. Will be coming back to try other dishes.
The food is absolutely delicious.  The Loma Saltado and the Unpulled Pork is a must eat.  Always a great experience.  If you haven't eaten here,  you must go.  The staff is very friendly and provides great service
Stopped by for lunch and was pleasantly greeted by the staff. Delicious sandwiches, ceviche and fresh agua fresca. Customer service is wonderful which really added to our great eats. I'll be back to try the Cubanos and Lomo Saltado.
I rediscovered Artesano when a colleague who also works in Laurel Village proposed lunch here a few weeks ago.  I saw someone eating gorgeous black beans and rice and a big beautiful hunk of broccoli as I was entering so when I ordered the Lime glazed prawn skewers I asked them to substitute rice and beans for the usual plantains and coleslaw sides.  And they were terrific.  I've been back a few times and can report that the fried plantains are also really really good.  I look forward to bringing my Vegan friend here some day.  And my omnivorous colleague was happy with her 'chipotle chicken and vegetable soup'.  Its tasty clean food and I'm very happy to have this as a neighborhood option when I'm not in the mood for cooking!
There are a lot of restaurants in San Francisco and I like to change it up, so I've never really been "a regular" anywhere - until I found Artesano. Everything I've eaten here is SoooOOOOoooOo good and fresh and healthy. Even the fries (which I think are the best in SF) don't make me feel like I've eaten a bunch of fried food! How?? I dunno and I don't have to because I can just keep coming here and eating their delicious fries and plantains and Cuban pork sandos and lomo saltado and ceviche. And then I can wash it all down with their delicious sangrias or an IPA. And then I can have dessert! Eat here! Sooo good...
Love these guys! Their food and service are excellent. I especially like the Lomo Saltado, it's killer.
The Chicken is so good taste texture and with the red sauce I might want to buy a bottle next time we visit!
This place is amazing!! Food is great and out super quick. Don't pass up this hidden gem.
Great lunch or happy hour spot on California street with lots of available street parking out front. They have a few vegetarian options such as salads and empanadas. The quinoa salad very good and was a large portion size, definitely big enough to share with 2 or 3. The veggie empanadas came with 2 for $9.99- also yummy. There were several fun and tasty cocktails and aguas frescas available too.
Cubano sandwich - Dryyyyyyy. There was nothing decent about this sandwich at all. Safeway and subway have better sandwiches.
Yummyyyyy! Different choices on the plantains, my fav empanadas, and oh so many choices...  Definitely need to come back here to be able to try everything As to the staff, very friendly and accommodating. The pace is welcoming and the smells are really making my mouth water... Definitely coming back for more
LOVED IT!  First timer. Went on my lunch break and boy was the service quick. Warm hospitality, very open environment and ventilation. Parking can be tough but it is worth your time. I had the Chicken Artesano and man was it a healthy meal. Pack with protein and a salad along side. Guaranteed satisfaction.
We ordered the un-pulled pork dish and shrimp salad and both tasted great! The pork was well cooked, was not dry and had plenty of flavor in it. They gave me a side salad and grilled corn that also had plenty of flavor! I will definitely go back again. The restaurant also appeared to be really clean and well taken care of with very friendly staff :) thank you!
I'm an Event Planner and contacted Artesano a couple months ago to cater a corporate event for 50 people at the Anchor Brewing Company when my client asked for a Havana Nights themed dinner. Najib was quick to get back to me and came up with a fantastic 3-course menu for our guests. It was their first time doing full catering (as in showing up at the event, plating, and serving the food). I flew in the day before the event to meet with Najib and do the menu tasting and the food was phenomenal. It's some of the best Cuban food I've ever had. The Chicken Artesano was so tasty and tender, the Chimichurri Steak was perfectly cooked and juicy, the empanadas with dipping sauce were bursting with flavor. Our guests were so blown away by the food and tres leches dessert. Guests also enjoyed the ceviche and plantain chips. They couldn't stop talking about how great the food was! Najib and his team promised a lot (which makes me nervous when I haven't worked with someone before) but he knocked it out of the park. I am so happy I chose Artesano as our caterer and give them my highest recommendation! Thank you Najib and team for an awesome event!
This is my favorite restaurant in the city for Latin food. The chicken Artesano is amazing and so flavorful. Really everything on the menu is a hit. Friendly staff and vibes too.
The food was so amazing and delicious meanwhile the staff was super unprofessional and rude. We came in with a group of 4 and weren't sure if we should seat ourselves or wait for a waiter to come and seat us. Almost the entire staff was talking amongst themselves before realizing they had customers. I wasn't done with my plate yet and someone moved it bcs we were lacking space on the table ? I'd definitely be back but for takeout!
LOVE the food (finally we'll seasoned Latin fare), love the attitude-free service (pleasant with a kind smile!), and they even have free-WiFi!!!
Such tasty and healthy food! We usually get the two piece chicken artesano and it is enough for two people (includes rice, beans and greens)! The chicken is so tender and flavorful it falls apart. And the salad dressing is magical - simple and makes the greens irresistible even though there is nothing else on them. The yuca fries are also delicious - we usually ask for their garlic aoili on the side. I've also gotten one of their sandwiches, which was also great. Good prices. Good portions. Good service. Good ambience. Delicious. Healthy. What more could you want?
Unimpressed. My Cubano sandwich was wet, soggy, and tasteless. I was looking for the salt, but apparently they think that the food is good enough that you don't need the basic salt and pepper shakers on the table. The only redeeming factor of my lunch were the yucca fries- they were able to substitute the regular potato fries with it and it was nothing short of absolute fried scrumptiousness :)
First time dinning here and the cashier picked out our plates. Very good and flavorful. Service was amazing as well. Really enjoyed the house sauce on the table. Overall great experience. Will be returning
Delicious food and friendly staff I will come back with all my family the drinks here are awesome ,tres leches cake
This place is really good! Here's what happened...I got to my doctor's appointment a little early and decided to stop by to get some coffee and dessert. I got to the cashier and ordered their bread pudding and some coffee. The cashier, who happens to be the owner offered me empanadas on the house. I told him it wasn't necessary, but he insisted. *shrugs* okay fine. O...M...G...it was delicious! I got one vegetarian and one beef empanadas. I actually like the vegetarian the best, but BOTH are de-licious! Also, the bread pudding was heavenly. This place has a cute ambiance. The interior has booth seating along the wall and stringed lights above. There is also outdoor seating at the front, but only 4 tables available. Which of course is first come, first serve. I would highly recommend this place for a place to relax and eat some authentic Latin food. I plan to try everything on the menu!
Second time ordering Grubhub from them - both times satisfied. Cubano: 4.8/5 Yucca Fries: 5/5 Sweet plantains: 3/5 The meat in the sandwich was the star! Super moist and flavorful. Nice crisp press on the bread too. Yucca fries and dipping sauce were bomb. Nice and crispy fry job and soft on the inside. Plantains could have been a little more crispy, could have been due to delivery time- but good overall taste and quantity.
Artesano saved my birthday dinner! When our original plan for dinner down the street failed, Artesano opened their culinary arms and welcomed our party of 7. We were sat immediately at a nice table in front of the warm fire, which was appreciated on a cold, rainy (Friday) night. Maricella (sp?) was our wonderful, knowledgeable server. She was excellent! She knew the menu, offered great suggestions, was friendly and attentive. The food was delicious and the selection offered both vegetarian choices for me and plenty of meat options for others in our party. Those drinking also really enjoyed the sangria. Our group loved the entire experience at Artesano and even though none of us live nearby, we all plan on returning. Hopefully Maricella will be working when we do. Thanks for a great evening!
Recommended by a nearby shopkeeper.  Thank you, the food was delicious and the service fine.  We had the albondigas, everything you could want in delicious comfort food, and loma saltado - delicious.
Great food. Great service. We ordered pretty much everything for our party of ten and it was all great. Chicken and pork was super tender. Seafood was fresh. This is better than Limon imo.
This is probably my favorite restaurant now. It just happened I was in the area and was hungry.I walked into the nice restaurant and I had no idea what I wanted but the waiter told me to try the Artesano Chicken bowl which I did. OMG!!! It was very tasty You guys deserve more than five star I am coming back for that  chicken bowl again
The tres leches is amazing!!  I work in the neighborhood and have always enjoyed the food here.  Naj has always been accommodating and pleasant.  The plantain chips are my favorite!
After posting a photo of my Chicken Artesano with a tagline mentioning its blandness a fellow yelper familiar with the restaurant and the area remarked "the curse of Laurel Village". Though Artesano bills itself as "Latin American Comfort Food" not all of us find bland food comforting.  My personal idea of Latin American comfort food happens to involve a boatload of salsa and peppers.   So Artesano and I have a different view of comfort and though their offerings are attractive, they're too bland for my taste.  Chicken Artesano required a heap of hot sauce to be interesting and, if it hadn't been so pricey ($15) to begin with, I'd have purchased fresh salsa to top it as opposed to the bottled tabletop stuff.   Artesano is a place I'd not set out to eat at but might wind up at by default.  The menu is large, the environment casual (order at counter) but pleasant, and the food isn't bad, it's just not satisfying to my taste buds.  I know people who love comfort food and can't handle the spicy stuff; if you're one of them this might be for you.
Came here for large dinner last night.  We sat in the back area.  There weren't that many customers when we arrived...actually just us and one other table. The menu had lots of options.  We decided to just order a bunch of items and split everything family style.  We got the paella, 2 steak dishes, chicken and fish. Each portion came with large scoop of rice. I felt the paella was missing chorizo and definitely just tasted like Spanish rice with some seafood thrown in. The chicken was ok.  Not as juicy or flavorful as I had hoped. The steak dish with French fries and the fish were the best items on the menu. Overall, solid 3 stars.
